docs(storybook): docs cleanup (#6495)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: 2nd-gen/packages/swc/.storybook/guides/customization/theme-scales.mdx

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the application will be set to the `light` theme.
```

Reviewer: I'm assuming this refers to the toolbar at the top of the page which loads this doc. If so...

```suggestion
Preview component theme color changes via the toolbar at the top of this page.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also do this if you use a custom class or other selector on a section or specific element, but **you must include** the `swc-theme` class on the targeted element. This allows you to change the scale via any valid CSS selector and querying method.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to a bit of CSS magic that relies upon [cyclic dependency toggles](https://kizu.dev/cyclic-toggles/), the value that corresponds to the current value of `--swc-theme` becomes the computed value.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the value `1rem` is used for the medium scale, and the value `1.25rem` is used for the large scale.
```

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Customization/Theme and scales" />

# Theme and scales

The theme and scale context classes and methods replace the features previously offered via `<sp-theme>`.

> Be sure to review the [Getting started guide](/docs/guides-customization-getting-started--docs) for how to include the required stylesheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure to review the [Getting started guide](/docs/guides-customization-getting-started--docs) for instructions on how to include the required stylesheet.
```

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';

<Meta title="Customization/Theme and scales" />

> # Theme and scales

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Themes and scales
```

## Scale contexts

> There are 2 scale contexts available: `medium` (aka desktop) and `large` (aka mobile). Scales apply to properties such as `font-size` and spacing-related values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 scale contexts available: `medium` (i.e., desktop) and `large` (i.e., mobile). Scales apply to properties such as `font-size` and other spacing-related values.
```

> By default, the application will be set to use a medium scaling context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the application is set to use a medium scaling context.
```

> Preview component scale changes via the top toolbar.

Reviewer: see https://github.com/adobe/spectrum-web-components/pull/6495/changes#r3583174040

Author: ```suggestion
Preview component scale changes via the toolbar at the top of the page.
```

### Scale classes

> You can change your application - or a section or element - to an alternate scale by including both the `swc-theme` class and a scale class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change your application, a section, or an element to use an alternate scale by including both the `swc-theme` class and a scale class.
```

- `.swc-theme--sizeM` uses the medium scale
- `.swc-theme--sizeL` uses the large scale

> You can also change the scale responsively (see the examples below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change the scale responsively. See the examples below.
```

## Scale contexts

> There are two scale contexts available: `medium` (aka desktop) and `large` (aka mobile). Scales apply to properties such as `font-size` and spacing-related values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 scale contexts available: `medium` (aka desktop) and `large` (aka mobile). Scales apply to properties such as `font-size` and spacing-related values.
```

Author: Looking at the [guidelines](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/grammar-and-mechanics/#Numerals), I believe "two" still needs to be written out:

> In running text, write out the words zero through nine, then start using the number for 10 and higher.

> You can change your application - or a section or element - to an alternate theme by including both the `swc-theme` class and a scale class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change your application, a section, or an element to an alternate theme by including both the `swc-theme` class and a theme class.
```

- `.swc-theme--sizeM` uses the medium scale
- `.swc-theme--sizeL` uses the large scale

> See the examples for you can also change the scale responsively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also change the scale responsively. Refer to the examples [below? on this page?].
```
Not sure where the examples are, but I'd like to change the language of this sentence lol

### How dynamic scaling works

> Dynamic scaling is available via all provided design tokens which include values for desktop (`medium`) and mobile (`large`) contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dynamic scaling is available via all provided design tokens, which include values for desktop (`medium`) and mobile (`large`) contexts.
```
